admin/emergency-actions.md, before:

# Emergency Actions
In the case of an emergency, any action that needs to be taken should be taken. Any such action may be reviewed by the administration for whether or not it was a good decision to make in the first place.

Such a review may have any outcome the Admins deem fit, including:

* No further action is taken. Precedent has been established and can be expanded upon by further actions.
* The action is reversed, and no further action is taken. Precedent has again been established, and further review may be taken to determine if governance should explicitly disallow this class of action.
* The action preceding the review is considered significant enough to warrant an update to Governance to permanently codify the action as allowable or disallowed.
* In a very egregious case of negligence or malice, the admin responsible or the admin team as a whole could be asked to publicly apologize. This is not to be performed lightly. Some examples of this kind of negligence or malice would be:
  * Staging a coup of the administration or moderation teams, e.g. making a unilateral declaration that the teams no longer have power without consulting the teams,
  * Enacting rules that clearly discriminate against a class of people, e.g. requiring pronouns to be selected upon entering the server from a limited number of options, or gatekeeping entrance to the server upon race, gender identity, mental capacity, or other differences.
  * Removing a server channel that had been used for benign purposes. Note that this example does not necessarily apply if a channel has been appropriated for illicit or harmful content.

As with every other admin decision, emergency decisions come with a degree of trust and required discretion. Every situation is different, and it is impossible to create a Governance document to perfectly fit every case.

Commit message:

Add administrative conduct review rules as approved.

admin/emergency-actions.md, after:

# Emergency Actions
In the case of an emergency, any action that needs to be taken should be taken. Any such action shall be subject to prompt review in respect to the LC Admins and the Admin taking the action.

Such a review may have any outcome the Admins deem fit, including:

* No further action is taken. Precedent has been established and can be expanded upon by further actions.
* The action is reversed, and no further action is taken. Precedent has again been established, and further review may be taken to determine if governance should explicitly disallow this class of action.
* The action preceding the review is considered significant enough to warrant an update to Governance to permanently codify the action as allowable or disallowed.
* In a very egregious case of negligence or malice, the admin responsible or the admin team as a whole could be asked to publicly apologize. This is not to be performed lightly. Some examples of this kind of negligence or malice would be:
  * Staging a coup of the administration or moderation teams, e.g. making a unilateral declaration that the teams no longer have power without consulting the teams,
  * Enacting rules that clearly discriminate against a class of people, e.g. requiring pronouns to be selected upon entering the server from a limited number of options, or gatekeeping entrance to the server upon race, gender identity, mental capacity, or other differences.
  * Removing a server channel that had been used for benign purposes. Note that this example does not necessarily apply if a channel has been appropriated for illicit or harmful content.

As with every other admin decision, emergency decisions come with a degree of trust and required discretion. Every situation is different, and it is impossible to create a Governance document to perfectly fit every case.
